README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">A passionate developer from Nepal</h3>

# About Me:
Hi, I am Aaditya Thapa an undergraduate student from Nepal.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/aditya.thapa.13) 
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/aadityaa_thapa) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/aaditya-thapa-8b454b310) [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%23FF4500.svg?logo=Reddit&logoColor=white)](https://reddit.com/user/saan_69) [![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Stackoverflow-FE7A16?logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/25649832) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Aaditya_616)

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2361DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)  ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-%23FF6384.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%234479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%233776AB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)   ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=adgator101&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/> <br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=adgator101&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)
<a href="https://github.com/adgator101"><img alt="Aaditya" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph/?username=adgator101&bg_color=1F222E&color=F8D866&line=F85D7F&point=FFFFFF&hide_border=true" height="392px"/></a>

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

--


  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Add Holopin badge link to README

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">A passionate developer from Nepal</h3>

# About Me:
Hi, I am Aaditya Thapa an undergraduate student from Nepal.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/aditya.thapa.13) 
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/aadityaa_thapa) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/aaditya-thapa-8b454b310) [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%23FF4500.svg?logo=Reddit&logoColor=white)](https://reddit.com/user/saan_69) [![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Stackoverflow-FE7A16?logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/25649832) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Aaditya_616)

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2361DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)  ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-%23FF6384.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%234479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%233776AB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)   ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=adgator101&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/> <br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=adgator101&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)
<a href="https://github.com/adgator101"><img alt="Aaditya" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph/?username=adgator101&bg_color=1F222E&color=F8D866&line=F85D7F&point=FFFFFF&hide_border=true" height="392px"/></a>

[![An image of @aadithapa456's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/aadithapa456)](https://holopin.io/@aadithapa456)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

--


  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
